write an introduction to destructuring (#1106)
exercism/rust: concepts/destructuring/introduction.md

> Destructuring is a way to break apart values in Rust. It is often used when extracting values from tupes or structs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Destructuring is a way to break apart compound values in Rust. It is often used to extract fields from tuples or structs.
```

Two wording suggestions, one typo fix.
